Question-1:

To read:
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1517582/what-is-the-difference-between-statically-typed-and-dynamically-typed-languages
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/17253545/scripting-language-vs-programming-language
https://cs.lmu.edu/~ray/notes/paradigms/

Answer: Done


Question-2. 

Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2

Answer:

To understand the difference between the HTTP1.1 and HTTP2,
we have to understand the workings of these protocols and how the HTTP2 
version has improved and revised upon its predecessor.
HTTP stands for Hypertext Markup Language and this is used extensively in
transfer of data between client and servers(nodes). 

With the increasing amount of data driven technologies, HTTP1.1 was unable
to cope with the rising demand of data transfer speed and efficiency.
Thus HTTP2 was devised to attend to these failings and provide a faster and 
smoother online data transfer experience. One way of achieving this was
through prioritizing content during the webpage loading process.

Now, what is prioritization? and how has it enabled a more robust and
efficient online experience.
Basically, Prioritization inadvertently impacts a webpages's loadtime.
Through this protocol, certain heavy background resources are loaded at
the very end. Lighter resources with frontend components are loaded at the
start to provide a seamless user experience without unncecssary lag.

Even though these are perceived load times and not much different than
actual load time, this false perception leads to a better user experience.

The following are the major upgrades in HTTP2 from HTTP1.1,:

a>In HTTP1.1 data is loaded in a sequential manner leading to 
larger load times, whereas HTTP2 protocol dictates a parllel approach to data 
streaming wherein multiples streams of data are sent at once which improves 
the speed and loadtime of the webpage.

b> HTTP2 uses an advanced and better header compression method, 
aptly named HPACK. This method helps in reducing redundant information and 
eliminates a few bytes per data packets.

c> The older 1.1 protocol worked on the unary connection between host and 
server, but this was an inefficient solution. With HTTP2, protocols were 
tweaked to allow for multiple client requests happening in parallel. 
Thereby, for one connection only one handshake was required with the 
time gated approach. Also the servers were able to push data berfore 
asking to reduce the turnaround time.


Question-3.

Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript

Answer::

Object Oriented Programming is an integral part of JavaScript in increasing the 
overall effectivness and efficiency of the language. Objects enable developers to 
streamline the development process on the basis of the following parameters,
> Shorteninng the usable code
> Enhancing the reusability of the code
> Improving the security of the code

Object in Javascript is a unary component with properties and corresponding type.
These properties are in the simplest form declared variables but are restricted
by association to the objects. The properties ca be accessed simply by invoking 
the following syntax,
	objectName.propertyName
Values cab be assigned to the property in various ways, as described below

>> Simple assignment is the easies way to assign values,
   
	var myProfile = new Object();
	myProfile.name = 'Zeeshan Sarwar';
	myProfile.age = '25';
	myProfile.city = 'Pune';

>> Another way is by using object initializer,

	var myProfile = {
		name: 'Zeeshan Sarwar';
		age: '25';
		city: 'Pune';
	}
The second example is simply key-value pairs, but in cases where the value 
is a function, then it is called class methods. These methods can be invoked and used
by creating an instance of the class.

Classes are the logical representaion of the object. Here classes are templates or 
more effectively blueprints which enable creation of class instances bound to a 
certain functionality.


Question-4:

codekata practice

Answer: In process























	